# A vibe coding journey

If you'd have told me a year ago I'd have vibe coded my way to an entire portfolio website, I wouldn't have believed you. I remember being at university when ChatGPT first came out for public use, and I was absolutely pulling my hair out trying to review code given to me by classmates which looked as if it was written by someone who had no concept of the language before (in all fairness to ChatGPT, we were trying to do heuristics in VBA). Fast forward to today, I'd like to hope if I asked ChatGPT for help on that same coursework, it would have a far better attempt at writing some code. 

I started my job as a Junior Analytics Engineer at Just Eat Takeaway.com just over 5 months ago now, and in that time we've been handed a load of fancy AI tools on a plate. Somehow, crazily, they've actually been a massive help for me - I can stop bugging the engineers on the team about what our API does, instead I can ask the agent which has the whole thing indexed already. Instead of writing a query and just hoping it's somewhat optimised, I can do a decent sanity check before consuming all of my teams available slots. 

I've been having so much fun with these swanky new AI tools that I figured I could start doing all of the side quests I never thought I'd be able to do, out of fear of it being too difficult (and thus rubbish) and not actually having the time to read arguments in stack overflow threads. The first task was a portfolio website (here we are!), which has become less of a portfolio and more of just a 'place to try out random things'. Last time I had to try and edit a piece of html was when I was trying to put a music player into my tumblr blog circa 2015 (I'm fairly certain I had a sparkly cursor on there too).  

My next side quest is something which has swirled around my dreams for a very long time. I have always been a big lover and curator of music.. (See my [large collection of Spotify playlists](/playlists/)). How cool would it be if I could predict whether I would actually like or dislike songs in a playlist, that way when I'm searching for new music to listen to, I can prioritise the things I might actually like based on all of the existing songs that I like. This is the sort of project that, despite not being impossible, it really *felt* it. Now, with the help of my trusty robot in the computer companion, I'm actually going to try to do it! So watch this space I guess 😊 